thank you for inviting me to attend this meeting.
I am Caiwenjing Liu, you can call me Vicky. I come from China. 
Currently, I just graduated from the University of Leeds with a master's and bachelor's degree in electronic and communication engineering in July 2022. 
I want to find a job in the UK and try to stay here. 
Because it has a larger platform and international environment, which is why I want to get involved. 
I am a passionate and positive person who wants to have a successful career in this industry. 
After studying the job description, I think I have the confidence to handle it and make my contribution.

 
ETL Systems
从客户的角度看待问题
all look at things from our customers’ perspectives.

graduate test engineer
 RF & microwave equipment test
Radiofrequency
wireless communication 

射频信号发生器是射频、微波测试和开发领域必须用到的一种基本测试仪器
Rf signal generator is a basic test instrument which must be used in the field of RF and microwave test and development


实习经历
2017-2022
2020回国实习 2021回英国继续读研究生

实习工作： iflytek
实习时间：2020 October 2021 August

工作产品：讯飞云 （cloud computing server）
提供核心网络云端部署服务
provides core network cloud deployment services

!!工作内容：

负责测试和维护云服务器
I mainly work for tests and maintain the cloud server
每次版本迭代后的测试用例
such as Test log and documents after each version iteration
可以修改一些简单的bug by using c/c# language，例如返回内容错误，用git上传覆盖
其他解决不了的交给开发，再复测。
correct some simple bugs by using c/c# language, such as returning a content error, 
use Git upload to overwrite 
the other can not be solved to the development, and then retest.

!!公有云（public cloud）
检查人机交互界面是不是合理
test the interface for human and computer 
检查产品功能实现情况
test the requirement from the customer can be realised or not 
产品更新功能后检查是否可以实现功能
（更新优惠券功能，用脚本多次测试优惠券发放和收回的状态/for loop）
after the upgrade, check the new function 
 (such as the voucher function, which can be tested by using the script)

!!私有云（private cloud）
根据定制客户的需求定制相关的云产品（云硬盘大小/虚机系统）
Customize cloud products according to customer requirements


master project
this project aims to improve the battery's condition monitoring system. 
including the battery's internal state estimation such as the SOC and surface temperature. 
by using the mathematical modelling and estimation using Kalman filter on Matlab 
also in the lab the optical fibre sensor to do the data collection and calibration 


bachelor project
develop the robotic ankle rehabilitation system 





